welcome sunset motors it's a nice 2007
Suzuki Bulevar
what about ten thousand miles on it
an excellent condition this is the c90 t
lots of chrome it's some options get the
nice saddlebag comfortable touring seat
that's a 1,300 CC or 90 cubic inch field
efficient reliable and great performance
got dual front disc brakes get lots of
lights there's extra LED lights nice
windshield it sounds great
I put the camera down
nine thousand forty
it shows you trip clock
nice start at sea
the backrest
plenty of storage
you got the owner's manual extra keys
nice footrest
this right too
this is your gas access can lock it
out of the way I can't like that it's
your kill switch starter all the chrome
is pretty no rust get your drive shaft
mate miss free driving
looking for a nice bite that's all
dressed up at a good price in excellent
condition this should do it
shipping and financing is available you
can call in anytime toll-free at eight
seven seven two six five one six seven
nine thank you for watching